If you have a bump in the road in your professional career, you have to
shake it off. There are many times that I personally had lots of bumps
in my military career, that it didn't work out the way that I wanted
to. So, for instance, an example is, I wanted to go to the Naval
Academy when I first joined the military. They didn't accept me and
I thought that was, it's the last time that I could apply. I was
22 when I joined or when I joined and tried to apply and the limit they
can be is 23 and I was at that point. So, the next year I wasn't
able to apply and it just, like, set me back. It felt like it really
set me back. It's one of the biggest heartbreaks that I had in my
life. But, you kind of, make a plan B, you look at the future, kind
of, see, like, where I want to go and take that goal and you put it
on your new plan B and then it should, you know, if you have the right
determination and drive, then you should still get back on track
somehow. So, in order to get back on track, you have to talk to your
people, you have to talk to your mentors if you have any, you have
to, you know, take something from yourself and say, "You know what,
even though I won't get there as fast as I was going to or as easily
as I was going to, is it still a goal worth going on this new path?"
So, for me, one of the reasons that I wanted to go was, obviously
to make sure that I take care of people, that I, you know, I present
a good, I'm a good worker for the American people. So, I took that
goal and I just did it through normal universities, I did through my
nuclear technology work, I did it through research that I'm doing right
now and I still think that my end goal, which is making cool products
for, you know, cool computer science products and, you know,
awesome new and exciting things. I'm still going to do that no matter
what. So, if you have a bump in your professional career, just take
a reset, do some extra education, maybe talk to a lot of people to
get you back on track and you'll be fine.